So let's see if you can create a charcoal.
It's really common that if you instill in wordpress they provide some articles that you can use for
example contact forms and everything.
They will create a shortcut that you can copy and paste.
For example in the content area of a page or a blog entry so that you can create your own article.
We're going to create a common creates and short code to display this later.
Then we're going to get another quote COME IN WHAT DO NOT USE.
And that's something I'd love to see is lighter so why don't I create a function and it's going to be
there.
Lucy SlideShare underscore charcoal and Kidwai are going to hook these into charcoal a little different.
Then you add the name.
The name is going to be the use that we added right.
Yes.
We're used to this is like that.
And then the name of the function.
So next we're going to have it go from there.
Charcoals and you can see that we have this is that this is the way that you use these.
So next about going up in the theme going up in there will be content themes that are in this bag for
insurance.
And if you remember we own you the scoop on that we have here is the section right here are going to
select everything and we're going to it and we'll come and we're going to come in those lines save these
and roll out the front end and you can see that we have these.
We're going to click here on this section and for example when I remove these you see match
remove the future match right here.
And if you open the door this is like there.
Copy these charcoal and paste right here.
Now you can update and read all the front and
and you can see that we have kilo from the charcoal is printed out so these welcome.
We're going to remove these upcoming barriers but you can see Prince from charcoal.
So now everything that we are in in these short code is going to be connected right here.
So for example let's say that we have another line be back or Morganton and reload.
You can see we've got something like this.
And we can remove these with some success.
So for example we can just bag these and we have these here and we have it in the home page so we can
get something in this thread that's Yesus
maybe here we can add something they call them and drearier and display.
None Sordello these.
And you can see them a couple of from my Sharikov and Morganton and everything is working.
I suspect that.
So this way we can continue working with our low Criseyde to display the entries.
And we're going to continue with this in the next video.